[Music]
Lions have great vision the brightest
sunshine won't blind him and in low life
they can see six times better than
humans they can hear prey from a mile
away and their sense of smell is so keen
they can tell how recently the prey
passed Lions will take on prey more than
twice their size a full-grown zebra can
weigh nearly half a ton
[Music]
one kick from those hooks can break a
lion's jaw
[Music]
lions are sprinters not marathoners they
can hit 35 miles an hour but only for a
few seconds
so they team up approaching their prey
from different angles
zebras learn to keep their distance but
one zebra is about to violate the first
rule of the Safari always stay with the
group
[Music]
the lion will go for the typical
deathblow crushing the windpipe
while the team keeps their prey from
getting away
of all the world's cats lions are the
only social animal especially at
dinnertime after a kill is made males
always eat first then the females what's
left goes to the Cubs often not enough
most will not survive into adulthood